README.md, before:

# Evolutions so far
## Already done
* Focus on testing (`cargo test`) in the `testing` branch
    - Unit tests added for `src/cli/show.rs`
    - Integration tests added for CLI modes UNSET, SHOW-INVENTORY, LOCAL, CHECK-LOCAL, SSH, and CHECK-SSH
    - Automated integration tests on a Docker lab : integration tests are made, through ssh, on Docker containers based on the main Linux distributions. To test this way, use the following command : `cargo testdocker`

## In progress
* Still focusing on tests : *once we have a strong set of automated tests, we can begin to add/improve functionalities and modules while making sure this doesn't break the rest.*
    ** creating integration tests for a maximum of modules


## Plans for the future

# Testing the app with Docker

The goal here is to test each module on the main Linux distributions in a lab based on Docker containers. For each commit/update/fix, `cargo testdocker` needs to succeed. Otherwise, it means what we did just broke something elsewhere.

Here is an illustration of how it is done so far
![Testing with Docker](/tests/test-illustration.png)

Before running `cargo testdocker`, you need to install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). Also, to avoid permission issues, please add your user to the `docker` group in order to use the `docker` command without root privileges. This can be done with this command : `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER`


**Feel free to send comments and contributions if you feel like it !**

# Context

On 23th december 2023, Michael DeHaan sent a newsletter ("Discontinuing Jet") in which he announced that he has decided to not work on Jet any more. This repository has been created by me as a way to continue to explore Rust and learn from this great project, even if it doesn't lead anywhere. It was forked from [here](https://github.com/jetporch/jetporch) and renamed **my-custom-jetporch** in order to avoid confusion with the original project. Even if the basecode is 100% jetporch at the beginning, I want to make it evolve without restriction, merge branches...etc in an opinionated way, which can't be done with only a fork.

# Jetporch - the Jet Enterprise Professional Orchestrator

Jetporch (aka Jet) is a general-purpose, community-driven IT automation platform for configuration management, 
deployment, orchestration, patching, and arbitrary task execution workflows. 

Jet is a GPLv3 licensed project, created and run by [Michael DeHaan](https://home.laserllama.net). [(<michael@michaeldehaan.net>)](mailto:michael@michaeldehaan.net).

Commit message:

Explanations about the impact of the number of threads during the tests

README.md, after:

# Evolutions so far
## Already done
* Focus on testing (`cargo test`) in the `testing` branch
    - Unit tests added for `src/cli/show.rs`
    - Integration tests added for CLI modes UNSET, SHOW-INVENTORY, LOCAL, CHECK-LOCAL, SSH, and CHECK-SSH
    - Automated integration tests on a Docker lab : integration tests are made, through ssh, on Docker containers based on the main Linux distributions.

## In progress
* Still focusing on tests : *once we have a strong set of automated tests, we can begin to add/improve functionalities and modules while making sure this doesn't break the rest.*
    ** creating integration tests for a maximum of modules


## Plans for the future

# Testing the app with Docker

The goal here is to test each module on the main Linux distributions in a Docker-based local lab. When running `cargo test`, each test has its own set of containers and can be tested in it.

*How it is done so far*
![Testing with Docker](/tests/test-illustration.png)

Before running `cargo test`, you need to install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). Also, to avoid permission issues, please add your user to the `docker` group in order to use the `docker` command without root privileges. This can be done with this command : `sudo usermod -aG docker $USER`.

Because `cargo` runs tests in parallel, you might encounter memory issues because lots of containers will be running at the same time. To avoid this, you can limit the number of tests running at the same time by limiting the number of threads : `cargo test -- ----test-threads=4` means you will only have a maximum of 4 sets of containers running at any given moment. The total memory required by one set of containers can vary from 15MB to 150MB or even more, depending on what you are doing with it.

**If you have limited ressources, it is recommended to use `cargo testdocker` which is an alias for `cargo test -- ----test-threads=10`. Otherwise, just run `cargo test`.**


**Feel free to send comments and contributions if you feel like it !**

# Context

On 23th december 2023, Michael DeHaan sent a newsletter ("Discontinuing Jet") in which he announced that he has decided to not work on Jet any more. This repository has been created by me as a way to continue to explore Rust and learn from this great project, even if it doesn't lead anywhere. It was forked from [here](https://github.com/jetporch/jetporch) and renamed **my-custom-jetporch** in order to avoid confusion with the original project. Even if the basecode is 100% jetporch at the beginning, I want to make it evolve without restriction, merge branches...etc in an opinionated way, which can't be done with only a fork.

# Jetporch - the Jet Enterprise Professional Orchestrator

Jetporch (aka Jet) is a general-purpose, community-driven IT automation platform for configuration management, 
deployment, orchestration, patching, and arbitrary task execution workflows. 

Jet is a GPLv3 licensed project, created and run by [Michael DeHaan](https://home.laserllama.net). [(<michael@michaeldehaan.net>)](mailto:michael@michaeldehaan.net).
